hello everyone and welcome to gays
Behaving Badly the show where we talk
about stuff the Pete booty judge doesn't
want us to talk about my name is James
I'm Nick so what are we talking about
today today we are talking about dating
apps dating apps dating apps or as most
gays refer to them hook-up apps yeah uh
because that's not often dates anymore
yeah who does date anymore dating is
dead yeah who dates anymore I mean that
like that said like dating like the old
style of dating sounds really
intimidating
and like very obtuse like because like
our hope at this point would be the over
30 singles nights like yeah that that's
where like go to the center the the
singles nights at the synagogue
hopefully find a nice Jewish boyfriend
no hopefully had a nice Jewish
grandmother
[Laughter]
to find you a nice Jewish boyfriend
um I love like but yeah dating sounds
like would be so much easier with
Community Values like that in that kind
of very close-knit community and you
know like we we always hear stuff
especially from like the Elder gays
which we would actually love to have
some Elder gays on this show to talk
about the different things they're gonna
put up you on the show if we call them
Elder caves well you know like gays like
over 50 over 60 people who people who
were on the dating scene before yeah
before everything went digital yeah and
you know people who you know kind of for
whom being gay like a big part of the
being gay identity was going to gay bars
yeah because I think our generation has
really lost that as not just as a dating
thing but as a way to meet people I
don't know how to make gay friends oh
yeah like we were talking about in the
car like how do we just make friends and
yeah I don't know how to make friends do
you know can you tell me it seems like
the answer might actually be dating apps
some of them yeah and that's that's what
I want to talk about is the changing
space of that yeah and so like that
that's that's something that's like I I
do want to get into with you because not
all dating apps are the same yeah
because not they're finding their niches
yeah like not all apps are bad like with
the video sponsor lovehoney.com the
world's biggest online sex toy store
that always has the latest toys to
satisfy everyone's tastes yeah you
better believe I got love honey as a
sponsor for this video their new We-Vibe
bond in particular is
basically a smart watch for your penis
the bond is the first adjustable quick
release app controlled male wearable
vibrator ring on the market it even has
its own app
it's smooth skin friendly materials feel
good on your skin and are BPA and latex
free it's whisper quiet so you don't
need to worry about being caught if
I don't know maybe you let someone else
use the app to tease you when they're
not around making going back to work at
the office or even going out to a fancy
dinner so much more fun and exciting
plus it's rechargeable with up to two
hours of play time on a single charge
and it comes with a two year warranty as
a culture we really undervalue the
importance of self-pleasure it's
something we don't talk about even
though it can help people explore and
understand their own bodies which can
lead to a greater understanding of their
sexual desires and preferences
you ever wonder about those stories you
hear of people not figuring out that
they're queer until they're much older
this is why self-pleasure can provide a
safe and healthy outlet for sexual
desires and tension particularly for
people who are not in a sexual
relationship currently or even people
who have no interest in sex with other
people at all either way the bond is
perfect because it certainly helps
increase the user's enjoyment but it is
just as much fun for two people since
it's designed to hit just the right
spots for the receiving partner and you
can receive 20 off of the bond plus any
other amazing products from love Honey
by using my link and discount code in
the description below and having this
thing around would have saved me a lot
of grief
when using apps like Grindr how so
explain that well you know
Grinders because I I would have been
that person giving out the code to other
people like I I the code to other people
yeah like the app code to other people
so they could control it oh I mean they
are yeah that would have been that that
would have been interesting
um but Grindr for me is like a Time sync
and it always has been because being
someone of the larger body variety uh
it's very rare that I come across and
this is not just Grindr this is
universally it's very rare that I come
across people who find me physically
attractive and then when I do they might
which is you know like I said it's a
Time sync it takes a lot of effort to
find those people then you might end up
with someone who's incredibly pushy or
someone who's incredibly far away this
is like it's been my lot in life I've
had a bit of a glow up since I since we
met actually in my early 20s like I I
didn't really style my hair I didn't
really pay attention to what I put on my
body my body
um and I just was not very you know
interesting you know visually so that
led to a lot of very visually I went to
a lot of people just not being
interested in me
um the Ikea showroom of
homosexuality I guess so I mean like
even more basic than Ikea like I just
did not give any craps about what I
looked like I don't know there's some
Ikea showrooms that are pretty nice
exactly so
um like that lets me like be having
sexual experiences with people that were
basic but I was basically desperate for
it yeah and so whoever whoever you could
get who whoever you could get in bed and
that led to some not great sexual
experiences yeah
um that ranged from bad to boring so I I
feel the exact same way like when I was
especially living back I grew up on a
small island uh in uh on the Atlantic
coast of Canada and there was like
nobody there the gays that it was it was
the kind of small area where all the gay
people knew each other and all of them
had slept with each other but like so my
experience was very much like okay the
the pool is this big and so my choices
are even smaller yeah because out of
like the five people on grinder one
person might appear every six months who
is at all interested in me you know
physically and so it really became a oh
you're interested what do I have to do
oh my God to keep you remember that
feeling like I I'm sure I ended up
turning off so many guys because I was
so desperate to you know keep them
involved uh that I was just way too
pushed I don't know if I was ever pushy
but I was definitely clingy yeah
um I'm still kind of I'm needy but like
for instance
um when I was in my early 20s it was
just after I had finished Film School
um I found out that a film degree
doesn't provide a lot of employment
activities
employment opportunities so I had to
move home live with my mom
um and so you know middle of nowhere
again because I was living in that in a
metropolitan area for film school had to
move home to the middle of nowhere and I
on I think it was manhunt.com or dot net
I think it was.com
um I met someone who basically fit all
of my oh my God he's so attractive
qualities he was Twinkie but had a hairy
chest he was really funny he and like I
really enjoyed talking to him and we
actually talked to each other every
night for about six months
um and then I was like okay I need to
meet him and but the thing was he lived
nine hours away
so I gassed up my car and I did the nine
hour drive which actually took 13
because I got turned around because of
construction and ended up in the middle
of a gigantic rainstorm
um in the dark on a road with no street
lights
um
and so you know I went I spent the
weekend with him did the 13-hour Drive
spent the weekend with him did the nine
hour drive back because I did it in the
daytime this time yeah
um and then I met him one more time for
his birthday bought him a camera and
stuff because he was like I'd uh kind of
playing with the idea of becoming a
photographer I was making all these
plans because you know we were basically
online dating yeah
um well we were very much online dating
and so I was making all of these plans
and it um blew up in my face because and
I kind of got scared off of you know the
sort of distance dating quite heavily
but like that's just goes to show how
desperate I was for any kind of
attention like oh he's nine hours away
that's fine
I'll make the drive he needs to put in
no effort because it was just that much
desperation yeah and the fact that he
kind of you know hit those kind of check
marks of what I found attractive just
made it even worse because it was like
I gotta get this now or I'm never gonna
this chance is never gonna come up uh I
had an evolution my kind of uh develop
my experiences with online dating I like
I said I wasn't very popular I think it
was because I didn't really know how to
navigate things until later on uh in my
twenties I started my mid-20s was when I
really kind of figure what the rhythm of
talking to guys was uh go figure it's
changed now well also you came out quite
late I can't I say late but it might be
the average like I came out when I was
12. you came out and I realized I was
gay when I was 17 like it was out to
everyone by 19. yeah so I started the
online dating thing when I was 13. I had
a boyfriend in Ohio when I was 13. so I
started that very early uh the thing
that was in the days where uh you
couldn't really share pictures easily
online so there wasn't a whole lot of
people telling me to go away because I
was fat because I couldn't see me I
never really even got to that point with
anyone
um I never remember you know you kind of
came of age after that had happened I
guess so yeah but like nobody nobody
wanted to date me nobody in spite of the
fact that I re-reach routinely
routinely routinely
routinely talking to guys and be like I
can't like who are far away and like I
can't believe you don't have a boyfriend
like I'd snatch you up I'm like well
you're welcome to if you want to come
here because like local guys in my area
and this is part of the reason not the
reason why that but like I they just
didn't have any interest in me like
either when I was living in New
Brunswick or when I was living in Ottawa
yeah uh my dating experience in Ottawa
because you did live in Ottawa which is
a pretty major city in Canada yeah it's
like
it's smaller than DC population wise but
it's also not nice I do not have nice
things to say about the Ottawa dating
scene um I don't know if something
neither do I I don't know if something's
changed since I was been there but the
boys there boys were so cold oh God they
were so cold there was an element of
stuck up the kind of profile that I
developed after a while was either they
were closeted and didn't want people to
know about it and so we're just very you
know locked down or they wanted their
forever guy and they wanted that forever
guy to hit all of those social media
check boxes like you know looks good
perfect
um because I lived in Ottawa for about a
year and I definitely came up to that
they wanted that Neil Patrick Harris
marriage yes yes that kind of
domestication yeah the perfect Instagram
family yes and that's what I guess I
feel like if you live in Ottawa it's
kind of like living in Washington DC if
you're living there you want to work in
politics or intelligential too yeah yeah
so they wanted that political marriage
image kind of and that really doesn't
didn't drive for me then it doesn't
drive from me now I was told routinely
that you know I was per the Pete Buda
judge dig at the beginning of the show I
was told routinely that you know like
the kind of basic ass
thing that people tell you when they
have someone but you don't is oh you
know just stop looking for it and then
you'll find it it's like I've been
looking for a boyfriend for uh 10 years
at this point yeah
um I realized
uh I didn't really want that kind of
boyfriendy thing uh the sort of
commitment yeah I I liked sort of
meeting people I like being friends I
like sleeping with friends
um
but I never I realized that I didn't
really want that commitment
um I didn't really want that
domestication
um and I felt like I'd been betrayed by
a lot of gay you know propaganda and
thinking that that's what that's what my
objective as a person was yeah
um but the role of I mean we talking
about it though we met online we did I
talked about Manhunt I think it was
Manhunt but yeah like we met on an app
so it is possible to like for apps to be
quite useful in not just like you know
getting laid but in you know finding
friends and stuff and but I feel like
the dating apps were different even in
2011 2012 than they are now maybe the
sort of culture of them
like sketchier yeah or sketchy I don't
know whether it's the apps that have
changed or whether I have
I think it's not that the apps
themselves have changed but I think the
expectation of people on them may have
changed maybe because because there's so
many now I feel like there's like a
diaspora going on where people are all
kind of migrating to their own little
areas because we're entering a
generation of uh people on Grindr who
were have never not existed in a time of
dating apps yeah the the day they were
born there were dating apps yeah and not
even dating websites dating apps oh God
that's yeah yeah that's harrowing yeah
whereas like even when it was like when
I came of age and got a grinder like
that was a new thing even if it I wasn't
born into that that grinder was around
for like two years before I was on it I
remember getting grinder the first time
I got it on my first iPhone and my
friend and I she was um she was a girl
and we were we drove around trying to
find a close person and then someone
messaged us and we looked at it and it
was like 20 meters away and we freaked
out and drove away because we were like
it was the first time using an app that
had any kind of geolocation to it and it
was like really novel until it was like
oh he can like see us yeah yeah okay so
there was a big long period where I kind
of swore off of online dating for a very
long time uh you were kind of on it
intermittently uh this isn't Halifax but
I was just kind of like I had a few bad
experiences I was just like you know
um and so like when I started I I
started back onto Grindr towards my last
few months in Halifax uh very different
Beast
um I was and I think it was mostly this
was the changes with me like I was more
confident
um I really didn't give much of a crap
if guys blocked me or not yeah uh or got
back to me I was treating it it was a
fun thing I was chatting
um but like you know this and this maybe
this is partly dating in your 30s is
having that kind of awareness that like
I don't I don't need this I I I don't
need this I'm here because I want to be
not because I feel like I have to it's
kind of like even though you know I
basically went my entire 20s without
having a boyfriend I had a I had a
boyfriend is a strong word but someone
who I saw in my early 20s we weren't
really compatible in any way but it was
kind of like well we're the only two
fish in this Pond
um very different personalities but that
was 22 23
um and ever since then you know I've
been single so I've been single for
about a decade and so I've really kind
of come to this I've lost that
desperation now because I'm like I'm so
used to being single now that it's like
well I'm not gonna change this for you I
don't know what would what I would like
I think we're talking this on another
one of these it's like what do you do
when you actually get a boyfriend like
how does that work how does dating work
how does initiating that how does saying
like hey are we boyfriends how do you
initiate that conversation yeah like I'm
talking to someone right now who is an
absolute sweetheart and he's like
incredibly nice and friendly and and we
we really click on a lot of things
there's a bit of an age difference but
that seems to bother me more than it
bothers him
um
guys yeah he is younger I can't do it
but like other guys are like no it's
totally okay it's like it's not about
you it's about me it's about me but it's
no it's me I'm baby like kind of
wrapping my head around like
how do we do this like if we if we start
seeing each other if we start dating
it's like how does that work like what
labels are put on things well not just
labels but like functionally yeah how do
you like because like when it comes down
to just like doing silly like intimate
little romantic things like you know
cuddling or like you know just hanging
out staying in like that that's easy
yeah but like when it comes to like okay
we want to go on romantic date how does
that function yeah like do you do the
romantic and I think this is something
that's actually happening with a lot of
gay men and probably probably not just
gay men but like something it's it's
this weird
thing that's happening where there's
kind of two types of gay men now there's
the gay men who have been basically
serial monogamists you know since they
came out they've had boyfriends and so
they are very attuned to relationships
and how relationships should work in the
gay community with with between men and
then there's people like me and you who
have been the opposite serial
um loneliest serious singles yeah
singles and not even like serial
just loneliest
um who are like when the possibility of
a relationship comes up it's like what
the hell do I do here this doesn't make
any sense
um and and that's kind of where I'm at
with it it's like okay he he is I I
appreciate because he's very like
forward with like he is interested in a
relationship and I'm not disinterested
in one but I don't know how to wrap my
head around the idea of what here's a
funny thing I noticed with me kind of
going into this era and the apps have
done this of online dating
um and just talk about this and
answering to talk about the apps is when
it comes to people that I want to have a
close sort of like friendship with I
don't want to just go over to each
other's houses and like watch movies and
play video games and do body stuff uh
body stuff
um like that's fine but at the same time
if I want to Foster these relationships
with people relations with people I
would like to you know go out and do
activities I want to go and do things
um you know go to bars how do you go to
I don't know how to go to bars but I'll
figure I want to figure it out like the
other night I was invited to a strip
club by a stripper and I didn't
I I couldn't I couldn't wrap my head
around
the whole the process of leaving the
apartment to drive to the strip club and
going in I am that sheltered at this
point yeah yeah and so like I was kind
of intimidated by okay it's a gay strip
club I'm going to be surrounded by gay
men
I have
I went to a gay bar once right yeah
dating so like with people that I want
an intimate sort of relationship with
relationship with I would like to kind
of go out and do things but I realized
that I when people are like hey come
over I'm like I I don't want to it's
like we can do stuff in the car it's
like I oh God I am too old I like I'm
sorry I I kind of said that to someone
I'm too old for that I'm sorry honestly
I I have been I am not willing to go
fellatiate you in your Boiler Room where
there is no flat surface and just raw
concrete on the floor I am not willing
to do that my knees can't take that at
this age well really though I've had
some knee injury I know and so like I
just I I just I I don't want to be
crammed I don't want to kind of have to
stuff myself in somewhere I just don't
want to do car stuff I don't want to do
uncomfortable stuff since moving here I
have been Pro and living on my own in a
city and everything I have been proposed
by pretty attractive guys
to come pick them up and fool around in
the car and I'm like
I have an apartment with a bed I I am so
turned off by uncomfortable hookup
spaces yeah like I when I I I've um
there was a fellow who uh hello area and
area now that I was talking to on
grinder we just went out like at like 3
A.M and walked around town that's all we
did we walked around town we talked it
was great
um and like here no and uh the home the
area where I'm living now yeah uh and we
just chatted
um and that hasn't happened very often
because he does Nurse stuff and so he
has a really weird schedule but like
thought was nice not the whole there
wasn't any pressure to find a spot to
although outdoor stuff is kind of fun
but like there wasn't
there wasn't any pressure to go to a car
and start doing stuff in a car
um so like yeah I'm more towards that
I'm like I don't want to do with other
stuff
um you can do anything on a bed even if
you need rubber sheets you can still do
it on a bed I like the shape
them
um but yeah that's that's I mean that is
something like the way that it's
expected that you're going to engage in
sexual activities on these hookup apps
now it see that seems to be different
the instantaneousness of it and that's
the thing that is the difference that
I'm seeing from like when I was a
teenager again like you know
long long ago
um to now is that because there was
always expected to be a distance it was
you know we're probably going to talk to
each other for several months before
even the idea of meeting each other is
entertained and so you got to know each
other likely before you even saw
pictures of each other and so there was
the opportunity to get to know someone
before you saw them and so you know per
even if it was like oh
I am very much not physically attracted
to you yeah but we're kind of really
good friends so there was the
opportunity I'm still friends with
people that I eat aided in the early
2000s uh I still talk to them most of
them live in the United States they're
great guys
um there's no no one that I E dated in
the 2000s is someone that I have a bad
yeah connection I'm still talking to
someone that I've been talking online
with we talked on Snapchat for like five
years and we're still chatting like one
of the guys I E dated in the 2000s was
ended up coming up and being my prom
date so like there was you know like I
have good relationships with these guys
but now
the the pressure to be instantaneous it
is so hard to develop a connection with
someone yeah
um and I actually did want to talk about
something in the last section but we
didn't have time uh uh or between this
one we we have all the time in the world
we have these self-imposed limits of how
much time we have but um
I noticed what was I gonna say
well yeah we talked about the idea of
like you used to meet up in gay bars and
that yeah yeah and I I I've always
wanted to talk to one of these alleged
aged gays
um
Elder guys
um sounds nicer than agent gays uh
trying to get James into playing Elden
ring so uh I would if you'd stop I
had Fair uh
um so
I have this idea of like the way it was
in the old times of being like when
you're at a bar like I feel like online
you're more likely to not talk to
someone or even say something mean to
someone on an online space where you can
even block them the things that have
been said yeah so like you know like
when you're at a bar you can and someone
says like hey how are you you can't
really just well you can but it's it's
it's socially rude you can't really
really just turn around and ignore them
yeah
um you you start up a conversation with
them you kind of chat with them because
if you are rude to someone in public
that's a mark on you other people see
that other people notice that and I
think that's how like you got gay friend
groups maybe that didn't all look like
the same so like maybe if because now
you see these gay friend groups on
Instagram and it's like wait which one
is Paul because they all look like Paul
and like maybe and like the way I kind
of I don't know the way I kind of look
at it is like you know like you would be
willing to give that you know if you're
if your ideal is like a nine or a ten
you'd be willing to give that six a try
if if he's got a good personality as
they say personality makes up for a lot
in a way that you wouldn't on online
dating because it's like you you I don't
like the way you look block yeah
um or as many people on Grindr have just
replied to me fat just fat like that
that that's for like a long time what I
want to know is whether that is me with
rose tinted glasses and that or was that
actually that's why I want to like have
a a you know an elder gay an older gay
person on here who you know grew up with
the gay Birds who could maybe say like
no it's it's not nearly as you know
because I have heard or from some people
that it was better than it is now and
that we really lost something by the
presence of online dating the community
I'm not really sure I I wouldn't be
willing to hear that until I hear
specific instances from real life people
like first-hand accounts
um so if you're watching if you're you
know an elder gay
um who lives in the GTA and don't mind
being called an elder gay
um you know shoot me a message on
Twitter Twitter if Twitter still exists
at this point
um or Instagram or wherever or YouTube
or comment below maybe we can you know
set something up where we can actually
talk to someone we want to do interviews
on this show eventually because
um but we are right now not talking
about the dating community that was we
were talking about the community that is
and that is developing I think we'll
we'll take a break and we'll jump into
that the next uh we'll jump into the
next section so we'll take a quick break
and we will be right back with more okay
so
um
it's it's been particularly interesting
with me since the the YouTube channel
has taken off yeah uh not a first but uh
especially since I've moved here where
there is a much bigger gay scene than
there was where there's a lot of people
who know who I am which
I would like living on the East Coast
nobody knew who I was
um and so you know I just assumed well
most a lot of people don't watch my
channel but now living in a place where
there are a lot of gay people
um I've
they come across me and they message me
they say very nice things the pharmacist
who gave you your third covet booster
recognized you fourth covered booster
but yes
um
and
um so like kind of gauging because
sometimes I get sometimes people message
me and they are very
starfuckery which I do not qualify
myself as a star in ad by any story I
kind of like will be on the Discord and
say like I'm an influencer and always
have like the Sparkles beside it because
like I don't I just don't think it's
because I have the technical
qualifications of being an influencer
because I have a thousand followers on
Twitter
um and that's kind of like industry
networking HR PR kind of stuff yeah but
like I don't really qualify myself as
someone who is capable of influencing
anyone oh neither do I like I I I like I
do through the proxy of you because like
you know our videos have reached people
oh I know but even like you know the
killing stalking video has two million
views some of the videos have close to a
million views most of the videos go to
at least like a quarter of a million
views it's you know but like I don't
consider myself like big time anything
um but yeah back to where I was so like
I get messages from these people who
know who I am and
sometimes they're they're always very
nice about it they're always very
laudatory very friendly
um but sometimes they're very forward
and it comes off as very starfuckery
yeah
um and I and so it's kind of like this
weird thing now where I'm like okay
you're being really friendly to me are
you being friendly to me because you
like me or are you being friendly to me
because you feel like
it's a notch kind of thing like the guys
who go around to sleep with all the drag
queens
oh yeah yeah uh they'll sleep with all
the drag queens and I like everyone they
like have like a tiered list and like a
whole thing really like like sort into
like the ABC no no no no no just like
who's I don't know how it works oh I'd
love to see that but later and so a lot
of like drag queens watch out for that
because there are people who are just
like I just want to have sex with you
because you are you know you are a Katya
you are
um Aquaria and you know that's kind of
dehumanizing a bit unless you're just
horny and you want to get it yeah then
you get it
um but like I kind of I'm like I
certainly you want to hang out it's
certainly like a weird Power Trip I I
don't know yeah like when I put out the
casting calls for Telos for instance
um there were people who were like oh my
God I know what Telos is I watch your
YouTube channel and offering sex in
exchange for a casting session and I'm
like we're auditioning everybody
um honestly sex is less likely to get
you cast because
um morals and ethics well yeah like
honestly I'd be willing to discount
anyone who would kind of include a offer
of sexual facilitation yeah and I mean
these are people who they'll they'll
message me on like Twitter or Instagram
yeah after sending in an application I'm
like your application
let's grow that's crazy it is and it's
it's so it's it's this weird it's this
weird area I'm in like the guy I am
talking to has never watched a video on
the channel he thinks it's really cool
he thinks it's amazing that you know I
have you know almost 300 000 subscribers
and everything he thinks that's awesome
he's ever watched one yeah and I'm like
so he's like me
this one never watches the videos
I could change everything I could say
anything in these videos and well like
with you while you're recording them so
not always right I make a lot of videos
when you're not here
um so what is it like then kind of
with on the dating apps and stuff from
the sort of asexual well first of all
when I was younger because with me it's
a very easy just white gay man dating so
when I was younger I neither knew that I
was non-binary or asexual although it's
one of those things like looking back I
can absolutely see how I was both of
those things and just had no idea how to
express that or didn't have the language
to sort of describe that
um I was always really touch and go
about sex
which is part of the reason why I kind
of I probably got a reputation as a
flake
um because I would sometimes flake out
of meetings because I was like we
planned this but I that the hour is not
and I just have no interest yeah
um
if if you weren't 100 in the mood yeah
for it it was a no-go yeah and since
then I kind of really have expanded and
explored kind of the way that I look at
sex and it is very much in a sort of
proxy contact context like I want to
experience it uh I want to explore it
but the only way to explore it is to
really experience it and experiencing it
isn't what I'm after
um it's the you know more psychological
expert the idea yeah and you can't and
I would love to do that by having
you know a threesome with people where I
could just be on the side and sort of
you know observing but like that's not
typically normal I need to get you a VR
headset
the other porn exists
so and that's kind of why I kind of lean
much more towards pornography and
especially illustration because I I find
that these people explore those ideas in
more kind of explicit ways rather than
kind of having to sort of Express to a
perfect stranger the ways that you kind
of fetishize certain things that's
something else sort of very sorry to
interrupt uh another thing I want to
throw out there if you're in the GTA and
you are an artist who does NSFW art we'd
love to have you on to talk about that
oh yeah yeah
uh sorry about that continue yeah and I
don't mean like franchise personalities
or bodies or things but like sort of
ideas of Mass fetishized Ideas of
masculinity it's very cerebral and it
takes a lot for me to be comfortable
expressing that with someone who I am in
this kind of porch
maybe I don't know what the word
um
regardless uh I I am nervous about kind
of approaching those things yeah
um which is understandable yeah and
which leads me to now when I do know how
to kind of advocate for myself in
indirect ways uh for both being
non-binary and the things for the amount
of guys on grinder that will just
default to calling you dude or bro or
pan and it's like I'm non-binary in my
profile
um
and the ways that guys are just obsessed
with labels up obsessed with labels like
I have it in my profile that I'm a side
because it's it's true I don't typically
like penetration yeah anal penetration
specifically
um but you know if I do engage in sexual
activities it you know there are other
things to be done and so guys kind of
take this as like never ever in a
million years would I ever stick
anything in my butt
um and they have questions about that
they qualify me on that Soul principle
at like incredibly
um
which which I'm bothered by because it's
like I I put that there because like I
don't want to set expectations but
expectation seems to be the language of
modern gay dating
absolutely like I think
now there's no going into a dating idea
or even a hookup idea any kind of any
kind of gay connecting
um
that doesn't already have an expectation
on it there there is no just like
let's get together walk around a mall
and you know or go to dinner or whatever
and if things are vibing let's go home
and see what happens if things are
vibing vibing
um
the we-vi bond
but it's it's very much like a
participle through
love honey Link in the description
discount code too uh I looked on the
site they actually got some fun stuff
they've got a lot of stuff on there uh
check it out this is the person this is
this personal recommendation
um but yeah it's like you know there's
no expectation of maybe getting to know
someone even a little bit even just for
like an hour or two and then see what
happens it's like okay
here's the Box this is what I want
um do your sexual proclivities fit in
this box no never mind and and there's
no openness very refreshing when you do
get someone that isn't like that and
absolutely and in recent time I actually
have like there's a guy in the area
where I am he's like an hour and a half
away so it's uncommon that we have
gotten to meet up but like hour halfway
is the area I get told no because of a
20-minute drive because like um and
we've met up a few times uh we the way
when we started talking it was very much
like I was kind of like I'm not
interested in anything like we were just
chatting and it was fun because it was
we were being flirty and stuff yeah and
like after a while it kind of got to the
point where like okay we need to meet up
and it was like but it was after a
period of time where you had gotten yeah
exactly and that's that's something that
like even even back in the the olden
days with the small town and stuff there
were a couple of guys who I would talk
to and it would be in a very
prolonged way because like they would
only be available at like two in the
morning they couldn't drive I couldn't
drive between 12 and 6 because that was
a law and everything and so it just
couldn't happen but we still talked yeah
and then when I got my ability to drive
between 12 and six it was like well
let's see and then you know we saw and
you know I don't talk to them anymore so
you know what happened but
but yeah you know being able to get to
know someone even even
like I said even as much as like walking
around a mall or you know getting coffee
or something just I feel like and maybe
this is the old man in me but going from
zero to 60 from closing grinder and then
going whoop into someone's bed is like
I'm noticing that that kind of like meet
up like go to the mall because remember
I was here and I saw a friend of mine
that I've been talking to for a little
bit we went to the mall for like a whole
day and yeah we just talked it walked
around talked bought some stuff
um and that was nice I'm noticing that
happens a lot with Kai's my age in a few
years older of anyone who is more than a
few years older is instant like we need
to meet and do sexual things
um like many years older than you yeah
and anyone not anyone who's like 10 more
than 10 years older than me is like we
need to meet okay yeah and anyone who's
younger than me is like Senpai notice me
so
um and like they're pushy about it
they're very pushy about it I've had
since since I've come back to Grindr
I've had some really not uncomfortable
but just like I it felt like I had to
break up with these people because like
oh yeah
even though you might have never met we
one of them I met once for like a few
minutes because I was I was tired yeah
another one like I just had to throw in
the towel because I'm like I have a
really busy schedule when I'm here in
Toronto I'm sorry I can't really take
any time to step away but in in part
because like I value my own kind of
downtime because I need a lot of
downtime yeah and we do a lot of work
when I'm here yeah so I like I like it
would be nice and like they act like I
was misleading them even though I was
like if I'm always say if I have time if
I have time if I have time
um but it just got to a point where I
was like I don't know if I'm ever gonna
have time when these guys are putting a
lot of emotional investment in me for
some reason yeah and it's like every
time they saw that I was here on Grindr
they'd be like oh so you're good to hang
out now I'm like
uh well yeah because I think the
expectation is if you've got the app
open you have downtown yeah and I think
that that's a really toxic expectation
like I think when you're going on to
these data apps with expectations you're
gonna get let down
um but the difference unless you're like
gorgeous and you're aiming for gorgeous
and find other gorgeous I guess so but
even then like
um because they seem to do fine you know
even gorgeous guys get flaked out on
I've heard it from like super attractive
people have a hard time getting laid
because everyone's intimidated by them
yeah I avoid them because like like I I
and that's sort of like that pushiness
that sort of like if I own your time
I've been really effective on it's
happened to me a couple of times where I
might be you know doing something I
might be shooting a video about to shoot
a video or something Grinders just open
on my phone from earlier in the day or
whatever yeah and someone will message
me and I'll be like Oh I'm actually
really busy right now but you know maybe
we can chat later blocked
yeah there's no room yeah it's like
anything except the exact you you do
talk to someone a little bit kind of
feel them out how to have some witty
conversation
um maybe it's a little bit one-sided
maybe it's kind of fine but like after
that it's like some people expect that
that means you're going to be like good
friends or that you're going to go past
presence is quite of or go past go
further than that like there's that
expectation that like oh we hit it off
Ergo I can start planning for this
person to be in my life and it's like
please settle back a little bit we
literally just met yeah
um and like I I kind of I'm in
comfortable with that level of intensity
just like yeah
um especially if you have not met in
person in a meaningful way especially
yeah
um because I
I do tend to go a little bit boy crazy
sometimes but like I I manage it I I
recognize that that's something about me
and that nobody owes me anything for how
I feel right um and it's that sense that
people that these guys that I mentioned
it seems like they act like I owe them
something and I I don't know what to do
with that yeah and that's part of the
reason why I just have not been opening
up Grindr yeah
but you know what doesn't
come at you with any expectations
the We Vibe I knew it
laughs
uh seriously though seriously but you've
been talking telling me recently before
we signed off about some other newer
kinds of dating apps that aren't grinder
or scruff well I mean the only other
dating app that I've been using is hinge
hinge and you told me about Tinder you
said that Tinder is a lot more Tinder
wasn't bad but Tinder did have a lot of
like instantaneous expectations
when you were on it you told me that
there were more relatively more people
who were looking for like you know
friendship and relationships yeah but
there were just as many people kind of
okay on the grinder headset headset
mindset mindset uh mindset headspace
um but yeah I've been using hinge which
is an app that's not dislike uh Tinder
it's a it's it's sort of a matching app
uh you know you go on you create your
profile you can go into pretty good
detail like you can say like if you
drink if you do
um drugs or anything like that like if
you're open to stuff like that
um like you can go in like
like do you want kids do you not want
kids do you want a relationship do you
just want friends like you can go into
really specific detail in there and then
you know if you like someone you scroll
through and you like their profile and
if they like they they see that you have
liked them they can look at your profile
and if they like you then they can match
you can talk to each other if not so
yeah it's very very tender but it's the
atmosphere you've been telling me about
of that app is very geared away from
instant hookups yeah like I I have
talked to quite a few people on there
now
um I haven't come across any Duds on
there and like they they're all nice
which whether it's relationship stuff or
just friend stuff they're nice uh and I
think you know maybe this is just I've
been lucky maybe it's different
experience for other people but for me
it's been really positive because I'm
kind of seeing okay there are guys out
there who are open to getting to know
someone who are open to being friends
who who are open to more than just dick
and
in a surprising amount of cases they are
shockingly good luck
for me that's a big change of pace but
this is something that I I should have
seen coming because like the
disenfringement of date of Fast dating
like online dating has been growing for
quite some time it's like fast food
I should have expected that there would
be like a large section of people who
are just kind of sick of it yeah they
want to kind of move on Pat they don't
really want the grinder thing because
they don't like that kind of culture uh
but at the same time something but at
the same time we live in a culture that
has systematically disenfranchised
personal meetings we live in a society
yeah so we especially after covet gay
bars up and shutting down a lot of them
are back now I think covet may have
actually influenced a lot of people to
be more open to just talking for a bit
yeah yeah and so I don't think it should
be surprising that we do have uh maybe a
growing number of dating apps that are
geared away from hookups and even away
from dating and more towards the idea of
um you know more kind of sustainable
friendships yeah because like for a hint
this is obviously it's not a this isn't
an ad for hinge this is an ad for the We
Vibe Bond we've been saying indeed the
word dating so long I hope the algorithm
picked it up and gives us an ad for
Christian Mingle I love when we get
those
um but the the thing with hinge that I
is that even in your profile there are
things that it's not just asking for
pictures it wants your opinion on things
it says like
um they're like text prompts that are
like talk about
um the craziest thing that's ever
happened to you on vacation stuff like
that so people can kind of get an idea
of your personality instead of just
pictures and so I've found that to be
very heartening yeah because I feel like
okay these people exist where maybe I
can get a gay friend group together and
we can you know have a giant Katan tape
because like we were talking about it
and on we were on our way to get some
stuff for the video shoot that's coming
up yeah and we're going to do in about
five minutes I was I was complaining and
kind of sort of whining about like all I
really want from all of this is kind of
like a friend group with a gay friend
group an exclusively queer friend group
with artistic sensibilities yeah
um I don't even care if they're artistic
I just want them to do I I'm learning I
need people like that in my life because
my friends in the area right now are not
artistically minded and it's really
starting to
I keep telling you to move I know it's
happening soon I keep telling you it's
happening
um because I really like about just like
talking with you I'll be like Luca likes
this thing yeah because I talk about him
like he's a real person Luke is the main
character of my book series and I'm
publishing by the way
um because he just whispered that Luca
is the main character of Nick's book
series that he's publishing called
Avalon night the first book is called
gentlemen's club there's a link in the
description for you to buy it maybe if
not just go to NT hergot.com and you can
buy it there or it's also available at
all major book retailers and there's a
special edition cover on Amazon
everywhere else has a different have it
pre-ordered for almost almost any
Bookshop around the world not
pre-ordered but you can yeah yeah
because we're out of pre-order it was
like right a year and a half soon
there'll be pre-orders for the sequel
two yeah um but yeah so that's the end
of this video ending it on a hopeful
note that you know maybe dating apps
will solve the problems created by
dating apps maybe I won't be single
forever
maybe I'll have a cute boyfriend imagine
that uh but yeah so thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you've enjoyed
this I hope you like these types of
videos we really like doing them these
kind of podcasty type videos they're
funny
um if you like them let us know in the
comments let us know some topics you'd
like to hear us talk about that you know
the the good gays don't like talking
about
um and once again the We Vibe bond for
all the guys out there
it's actually great and even straight
guys like I didn't say hey guys all the
guys out there like and you know anyone
who's attracted to guys buy your guy
this put it on his wiener
um anyone with a penis really yeah yeah
anyone with a penis it's it's
surprisingly good you can control it
with your phone your phone can't give
the code to someone else yeah
that's what I'm interested in make
Easter extra exciting with that Easter
family dinner
um thank you so much for watching and
our next video is a big one with a lot
of production so please watch that when
it comes out because it's a lot all
right I hope you all have a wonderful
week
and I'll see you again this weekend
[Music]
foreign